1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why
do you need to do it?
A. When you initialize a repository (with the command "git
init"), an invisible file is put in place that basically
brings git into the picture, so to speak. If you do not
initialize the directory, you can't use git commands on it
or do any commits to git

2. How is the staging area different from the working
directory and the repository? What value do you think it
offers?
A. The staging area is sort of like the wings of a theater.
It's where files go to wait to get committed. That means you
can do commits for as few or as many files as you want to
change. You can also have more control over which files or
directories are part of the repository.

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have
one commit per logical change?
A. So, for example, if I were to change a description in my
"cheat sheet" for git commands, and fix a typo in one
reflection file, AND make a new entry in the other reflection
file, I wouldn't necessarily want all of those to go under
one commit. So I can add one file to the staging area at a
time and commit each one individually, according to the
smaller, logical changes. So the addition to git_commands
would get its own commit & message, the typo would get its
own commit, and the new entry to the second reflections
file would get ITS own commit. And that way all three are
much easier to track down in case something went wrong.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful
in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
A. Branches are helpful if you are experimenting with
something new that you are not yet sure will work, or when
you are doing big changes (changing the language or usability)
and still want a stable version of the code to share with
others.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A. The diagrams make it easier to see the parent-child
relationships between the branches.

6. What is the result of merging two branched together? Why
do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
A. Things that are in both files are kept, while those that
have been deleted since the last common commit are omitted
and anything added since the same common commit are kept.
Commits from both branches can then be accessed from
the merged and later commits, organized by time stamp.
So really, both the files themselves and their former
commits are merged.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging
vs. always doing merges manually?
A. Well merging everything manually would be extremely
tedious, and the margin for human error would be
very high. There's still a chance for computer error
using Git's automatic merging, but it is lower than the
margin for human error, I think. Git also has a clever
way of dealing with potential conflicts within merges,
which leaves the final decision to the user.